Improve behavior of namespace flags in operator-sdk run and operator-sdk test local subcommands (#2617)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/sdk-cli-reference.md

* `--local-operator-flags` string - flags that the operator needs, while using --up-local (e.g. \"--flag1 value1 --flag2=value2\")
* `--no-setup` - disable test resource creation
* `--image` string - use a different operator image from the one specified in the namespaced manifest

> * --operator-namespace string     Namespace where the operator will be deployed, CRs will be created and tests will be executed (By default it will be in the default namespace defined in the kubeconfig)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* --operator-namespace string     Namespace where the operator will be deployed (By default it will be in the default namespace defined in the kubeconfig)
```

> * --operator-namespace string     Namespace where the operator will be deployed, CRs will be created and tests will be executed (By default it will be in the default namespace defined in the kubeconfig)

Reviewer 2: FYI this file is about to be removed. https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2682

Author: copy that. :+1:
 
shall i leave it there, or do you want me to remove it.

Author: @asmacdo i have rebased again.

> * --watch-namespace string        (only valid with --up-local) Namespace where the operator watches for changes. Explicitly set to empty string to watch all namespaces (defaults to the operatorNamespace).

Reviewer: dito  above

Reviewer: We need clarifies that it can be a List as well such as nsa,nsb,nsc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* --watch-namespace string        (only valid with --up-local) Namespace(s) where the operator watches for changes. Explicitly set to empty string to watch all namespaces (The default value is the Operator Namespace).
```

Reviewer: @nikhil-thomas ^
